In connection to our Git and Github discussion, please take note of the following commands as I summarized everything based on the actual steps:

A. When setting up the project for the 1st time, do the following commands:
1. Create the project folder then go inside that folder:
example:
mkdir first-project
cd first-project
2. Initialize the local git repository:
git init
3. Configure this repository with your Github account username and email:
example:
git config user.name "junreycloudstrife"
git config user.email junrey.cloudstrife@gmail.com
4. Create the online repository with the name similar to the project folder you created in step 1:
example:
https://github.com/junreycloudstrife/first-project.git
5. Link the online git repository to your local git repository:
example:
git remote add origin https://github.com/junreycloudstrife/first-project.git
6. Pushing your local repository to the online repository for the 1st time:
git push -u origin master

B. When updating an existing local repository to its online repository, do the following:
1. Pull the updates from the online repository:
git pull origin master
2. Create a new file or update an existing file:
example sample.txt:
3. Check the status of the repository:
git status
4. Add the file:
git add sample.txt
5. Commit the file with comments:
git commit -m "Initial commit"
6. Push the local update to the online repository
git push origin master or git push
7. You may use git status every time you execute the commands above.

C. When working with your project on another computer, do the following:
1. Clone the project on that computer:
example:
git clone https://github.com/junreycloudstrife/first-project.git
2. Go inside the project folder:
example:
cd first-folder
3. Apply Steps 2-7 of part B above

D. The Github user account will be stored on the computer. Every time a new user uses that computer will cause conflict on the Github account. To fix this, do the following:
1. Open the Credential Manager by typing it on the search option of the computer then click it.
2. Between Web Credential and Windows Credential, choose Windows Credential.
3. Under Windows Credential look for Generic Credential.
4. Under Generic Credential look for git:https://github account then click.
5. Click the Remove link to remove the credential.
6. You can now proceed to do either of the steps above (A, B  or C)

E. When you encounter errors regarding SSL certificates, type this command:
git config --global http.sslVerify false
